What is it like for you to watch boxing these days?
It's just not my life anymore.
Do you don't watch it at all.
It did you watch Tyson fury?
Deontay wilder.
I was in the air flying when they were fighting.
Oh really?
Did you didn't watch it?
The highlights or anything for some of the highlights?
Yeah.
How crazy is Deontay?
Wilder is power.
Good stuff.
Crazy rights.
Cause he's built so strange.
It's totally how incredible.
How incredible with Peyton Chore.
Incredible.
And gets up and wins the rest of the round.
That's what's really incredible.
It's amazing.
Amazing fight.
Yeah.
So you don't follow,
you don't follow any little tail.
Um,
you know,
um,
that part of my life I'm on,
I've got mixed feelings with that part of my life.
Right.
And I stuff up.
I don't like about myself and stuff.
That is right.
I tried to forget that stuff cause I'm going to hold different,
um,
if I hadn't.
Yeah.
So even watching other people bar,
it's only worth nothing.
I tried to stay away much as possible.
So watching other people box makes you think about yourself when you were
fighting reminds you of it kind of,
yeah.
Yeah.
He's got some ways Nathan and I would,
you know what I mean?
I'd be the cool guy.
Yeah.
Right.
Like who?
Who else?
Yeah.
There's no one out there today that's got that mean vicious persona and nice
guy.
Yeah.
You when you were in the ring doing a post fight interview saying you want to
eat your children,
you want to eat someone's children.
I remember saying it.
This is the craziest fucking post fight interview.
It was.
It was about Lennox Lewis,
right?
Yeah.
If I'm mad,
one of the great,
what's wrong with me?
I'm just a madman.
It was amazing.
It was amazing for the,
for the story for the time.
I mean,
look what it was was when we saw rocky three right,
and Mr t was,
it was challenging,
you know,
a rocky and he would say all that crazy shit about what he was going to do.
My prediction pain.
Beautiful.
What you did is you took that and just cranked it up to 11 and threw gasoline on
it and lit it on fire.
You just took that kind of ferocious shit.
Yeah.
I look at some of those press conferences in a long time when my,
what I'm faintly talk to anybody like that.
Definitely world now my world would feel different now.
Do you feel when you watch that stuff that you feel almost like trapped by that
past like that you have to acknowledge it.
You don't even acknowledge it anymore.
Yeah.
I'm almost a little bit like,
I don't want to be involved.
We stayed.
Never happened.
Yeah.
But kind of had to happen for you to be who you are and they'll know it's
because people,
this is the real reason why they chose people.
Still people left that guy.
Yeah.
And then people will love that.
I didn't like that guy that much.
So I have my own conflicting with people that liked that guy.
Me Living my life that I am living now.
Yeah.
Well,
people love that guy because that guy gave them a drug and that drug was
excitement like you,
you turn on the TV like,
Oh shit,
here we go,
Michael Spanx,
Mike Tyson,
here we go.
And boom.
Oh,
that's what people wanted.
They wanted that excitement.
They knew some crazy shit was about to go down.
Unpredictable.
You can't,
you don't.
No one knows it's going to happen at a fight.
Is it going to be a right or a left?
Is he going to move right,
is going to move left.
How's it going to work out?
You don't know how long could Spinks last.
You don't know.
And everybody was excited and that was,
that's what you brought people.
You brought people this,
this chaotic moment.
You slapped down the money and the paper,
you got out your popcorn and you waited for the,
the rush,
the rush of excitement of the crazy days.
Crazy days.
Okay.
Then,
I mean,
I hate to keep bringing your head back to that,
but just for me,
uh,
as a kid growing up during that time,
it was a big part of my,
you know,
my becoming an adult.
It was during your era,
your error of dominance.
I always look at my kids and I think,
why did you guys pretty much
mmm.
Um,
middle class kid.
They live their life to do what they wanted to go to college and everything.
I W I w I would never want to put that pressure on my third that you have to be
the total best.
You have to dominate everybody.
You're going to be the best to ever live at this.
He's put that kind of pressure on him.
That's incredible.
I would never do that to them.
Yeah.
It would never work.
Probably.
I mean,
I don't think a kid that grows up in a loving household with supportive boxing
for when you have nothing,
he's barking when you,
it had nothing.
Cause that's a lot of,
um,
as a lot of dedication.
It's a lot of pain.
That's a lot of aggravation loud.
You know what I mean?
Really?
Yes.
I'm discovering who you are.